# wiivv
Wiivv Coding challenge

Two API's are consumed in the challenge
1) Etsy: https://openapi.etsy.com/v2/listings/active
2) Currency.com: http://www.apilayer.net/api/live


How to run the project: 
1) Download repo 
2) Open application.properties file under src/main/resources and replace values for 
    * etsy.api.key
    * currency.api_key
3) After updating the values, 
    * Go to the location of the project --> cd wiivv 
    * Run: mvn clean install --> Make sure that the build is successfull
4) After mvn clean install is successfull, there are two ways to run the project 
    * Run: mvn exec:java  --> this would start the application and then use the API mentioned below to get the response. 
    * Run: java -jar target/wiivv-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar --> this would start the application and then use the API mentioned below to get the response. 
  

This project aims at hitting two APIs and return a list of products 

1) Etsy to get the popular listing 
2) Currency api to fetch currency exchange rates (Currency rates only change hourly - fetch only after an hour) 



API 

Request: 
http://localhost:8080/v1/products/listing?currency=USD 
(This api supports 4 currencies - USD, GBP, CAD, EUR) 

Response: 

[{"listing_id":733393873,"state":"active","user_id":130065989,"category_id":68892024,"title":"Pencil Pouches - Composition Notebook Style","description":"BY TEACHERS, FOR TEACHERS\n\nFAST SHIPPING\n◆ This pencil pouch is made to order and shipped within 24 hours (weekends & holidays excluded)\n\nSIZE\n◆ The pouches measure 5&quot; tall by 9&quot; long\n\nHIGH QUALITY WORK\n◆ I use only the highest quality Heat Transfer Stretch Vinyl on this product. This type of stretch vinyl has some give in it to allow you to stuff the pouch as full as needed without compromising the design. Each pouch is made by myself as orders come in, I triple check ALL of my work before sending items out to ensure only the best products leave my office. All items are packaged with care and sent out via USPS the next business day! \n\nPERSONALIZATION\n◆ Please enter the customization information in the &quot;Personalization Bar&quot; when adding the bag to your cart. We will personalize your item exactly as requested!\n\nORDERING FOR A FRIEND?\n◆ Don&#39;t worry! I do not send any printed invoices in these packages. Each zippered pouch comes wrapped individually with care. \n\nQUESTIONS?\n◆ Please contact me through Etsy.\n◆ I aim to respond to your questions within 24 hours.\n◆ Business Days: Monday - Friday 5:00am - 10:00pm","price":"15.99"},{"listing_id":719537716,"state":"active","user_id":9798377,"category_id":69196565,"title":"Grumpy Cat Costume Grump Cat Mask Cat Mask Pet Mask Animal Masks Kids mask kids costumes  Grumpy Cat Party Cat Paws Cat Tail","description":"Grumpy Cat Felt Eye Masks and Costume Pieces\n\nCome on in and let&#39;s play dress up! With our animal masks your child&#39;s imagination will come to life. Let your child run around the house in full pretend animal mode. All of our masks are handmade and high quality. Go ahead and set up some fun pretend play today! These make great birthday party favors too- purchase the entire set and save 5%!\n\nWant a different color or breed of cat- check these listing out:\n\nhttps://www.etsy.com/805Masks/listing/478472326/cat-mask-pet-mask-animal-masks-kids-mask?utm_source=Copy&utm_medium=ListingManager&utm_campaign=Share&utm_term=so.lmsm&share_time=1565295211986\n\nhttps://www.etsy.com/805Masks/listing/695142318/siamese-cat-mask-siamese-cat-costume-pet?utm_source=Copy&utm_medium=ListingManager&utm_campaign=Share&utm_term=so.lmsm&share_time=1565295308143\n\nhttps://www.etsy.com/805Masks/listing/607275220/cheshire-cat-mask-pet-mask-animal-masks?utm_source=Copy&utm_medium=ListingManager&utm_campaign=Share&utm_term=so.lmsm&share_time=1565295395137\n\nI will match the tail and mitts to the cat mask (solid colors only) \n\nDetails:\n•\tSoft, eco-friendly felt made in the USA\n•\tMachine embroidered for durability\n•\t½” black elastic band that stretches for a comfortable fit\n•\tAll child masks measure 20&quot; in circumference and the mask portion is approximately 7&quot; in width. The child tail is 10&quot; long. the adult size is \n        12&quot; long and comes with a suspender clip on the end for attaching the tail. \n•\tAdult masks measure 21&quot;and the mask portion is approximately 8 1/2&quot;&quot; in width. The adult size tail  is 12&quot; long and comes with a suspender \n        clip on the end for attaching the tail.  If you are concerned about a proper fit please measure \n        the head circumference and I will be happy to adjust the elastic to fit. \n•\tTo clean- wipe with a damp cloth and air-dry flat\n•\tPurchase 20 or more and receive an even greater discount with promo code TWENTYPLUS at checkout\n•\tGET A DISCOUNT OFF OF YOU FIRST ORDER: Get 10% off your order when you sign up for the 805 Masks Newsletter! Just copy and paste the link below into your browser to receive the discount code: http://eepurl.com/dkJBcv\n\nShop today, and encourage play and creativity in your little one.","price":"10.0"},{"listing_id":719537696,"state":"active","user_id":11840414,"category_id":68887434,"title":"Halloween Cat Collar - Breakaway Cat Collar - Fall Cat Collar - Halloween Dog Collar - Fall Dog Collar - Toy Dog Collar","description":"A Halloween and Thanksgiving Collar for your Sweetie!\n\nFabrics are RG Pheasant exclusives.  I make all designs with our Sweet Ones in mind.  Fabric is 100% organic cotton sateen, and made in the USA!\n\nEach collar comes with a pretty matching charm.  The  charms are made with 5/8&quot; quality bezels and a clear epoxy covering.   No glass is used. \n\nAll collars in all listings are 3/8&quot; wide.\n\n BREAK AWAY BUCKLE FOR KITTY SAFETY.  IF KITTY GETS CAUGHT UP ON SOMETHING THE COLLAR WILL RELEASE.  \n\nTHE DOG COLLAR HAS A BUCKLE WHICH WILL NOT COME APART AND SAFE WITH LEASH. DOG COLLAR HAS A D RING FOR LEASH.\n\n**Pattern placement may vary slightly from that in the picture.\n\n***Remember, collar and charm safety is your responsibility.  Only you can determine the suitability of these collars and charms for your WONDERFUL PETS.  Consumer accepts all responsibility by purchasing and using these products.\n\nThank You very much for looking!\n\n\nTo see more kitty collars, click here:\nhttp://www.etsy.com/shop/RGPheasant?section_id=7583021\n\nTo see all shop items, click here: \nhttp://www.etsy.com/shop/RGPheasant?ref=si_shop","price":"18.5"},{"listing_id":484636122,"state":"active","user_id":92036769,"category_id":69150433,"title":"First Birthday svg, One svg, 1st svg, birthday, shirt, 1st birthday, cake smash svg, I&#39;m one svg, SVG, DXF, girl, girls, birthday, baby svg","description":"The easiest, best SALE Ever at Shorts and Lemons \nstarts now!!\n\nCoupon CODE ....FALLSALE\n\nGet 45% off of any purchase of ONLY 2 items or more!\n\nYou can use it as many times as you like but It is OVER at midnight on Sunday (yes before Labor Day)\n\nEmail Subscribers will be getting a freebie and another coupon very very soon!\n\nVisit the Shorts and Lemons Facebook page for the link to sign up for the email list!!\n\n\uD83C\uDF4BWelcome to Shorts and Lemons!\uD83C\uDF4B\n\nPrint your OWN Stickers or t-shirt!!! \n\nDo you want a variation of this design? \n\nI try to organize everything by section to make it easier.  But let&#39;s say you want a RAINBow teacher design. It could be in the &#39;SCHOOL&quot; section, in the &quot;RETRO&quot; section or in the &quot;JOB&quot; section. SO have fun and look around.  If you need any help just let me know!!\n\nSHORTS and LEMONS is a SAFE place to buy your designs!!\nIf you buy here you can feel safe to make items for resale!  If it is in this shop...It is My design........\n\nI only sell originals.  I know this can be confusing because other sellers copy myself and a few other original designers on a daily basis.  \nI promise This design and ALL Shorts and Lemons designs are designed by me and are guaranteed to be the ORIGINAL, copyright PROTECTED versions. \n\nThe good, fun part is...\nIf you buy the design from Shorts and Lemons you may make 100 physical items to sell or share per design.!!\n\nPrint Or cut them with your cutter! You can also print it onto an iron on transfer to make a super cute shirt!\n\n****All files are cut files that are ready to cut in SVG or DXF (eps included also)\n\n****All of these designs are also ready to print for making shirt iron ons, framing, making cards or party decor, etc. \nThe file comes is saved several ways. You will receive\n\n&gt;&gt;&gt;SVGs for your Cutter\n&gt;&gt;&gt;DXFs for your Cutting Machines or other cutting machines\n&gt;&gt;&gt;EPSs\n&gt;&gt;&gt;Pngs to be used as clipart\n&gt;&gt;&gt;jpeg and mirrored pdf for printables or iron on transfers (colors may vary a little but are always very similar and made to enhance the design\n\nWhite designs will always be sent in light gray for printing. Printers do not contain white ink therefore this is the only way to present them. The light gray looks very similar to white when printed.\n\nThis listing is for files that will INSTANTLY DOWNLOAD with payment.\n\nThey can be used by cutting cutting machines other programs that are compatible with SVG files.  These are very smooth, high quality files that have been professionally digitized.\n\nCommercial use is allowed up to 100 times per listing bought for PHYSICAL items (ex. shirts or prints). No re-seling of digital files allowed in any way.\n\n© Shorts &  Lemons and Shorts & Lemons\ncreated and listed by Shorts and Lemons in 2018\n\nShorts and Lemons designs are GUARANTEED to be unique to us. if you see a similar design on Etsy or being sold as an SVG you may be sure that is is a copy and therefore purchasing it and using it for your designs is an infringement and will be treated as such. Any shops copying our ideas, sayings or designs will be reported to Etsy and our lawyers.  This increasing problem is a violation of Ethics but also of copyright law.  \n\n“In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.” - Coco Chanel. ...","price":"3.99"},{"listing_id":645324819,"state":"active","user_id":103195018,"category_id":68887494,"title":"Personalized Pocket Knife Engraved Knifes for Men Anniversary Gifts Boyfriend Gift Groomsmen Gift Personalized Wood Custom Knife","description":"This personalized pocket knife can be engraved and makes a great anniversary gift or boyfriend gift. Also makes an ideal groomsmen gift!\n\nThe ultimate gift to give to any guy celebrating an anniversary, birthday or wedding day. This knife is sharp and forged from high-quality stainless steel. Each knife is engraved to your exact specifications whether it&#39;s a monogram or memorable line from a movie. Every pocket knife is handcrafted from natural wood and no two knives are alike!\n\n★ Knife Dimensions: ★\n\n- Closed: 4-1/2&quot; x 1-1/2&quot; x 1/2&quot;\n- Full extended with blade: 7.25&quot; x 1-1/2&quot; x 1/2&quot;\n\n★ Features: ★\n\n- Blade forged from stainless steel 420\n- Handle made from steel and rosewood\n- Handle can be engraved on both sides of the knife\n- Includes white gift box\n\n★ How to Customize: ★\n\n- Please contact us by sending a convo or write your personalization details at checkout where it says &quot;Note to OrangeBridgeSupply.&quot;\n- See pictures for optional fonts and symbols, we can customize your knife with any of these. If you do not choose a font, we will use our standard font.","price":"17.99"},{"listing_id":726329547,"state":"active","user_id":39393178,"category_id":68888760,"title":"Smoky Quartz Points - Rough Raw Natural Quartz - Quartz Points","description":"This listing is for one Smoky Quartz point. Sizes range from 1.75&quot; to 2+&quot;. Medium pieces measure 1.75&quot; & large pieces measure 2&quot;+. The perfection of the point varies, these are also thick pieces.\n\n\nThese pieces can be used in jewelry making (cabbing, wire wrapping, etc), chakra balancing & other spiritual purposes (crystal healing, grids, meditation), collected as specimens, display & decoration (Feng shui), rock tumbling, & more.\n\n\n\nSmoky quartz properties:\n-dissolves negativity\n-connects to the earth\n-known as the stone of transformation & transmutation\n-grounds & balances energies\n-increases optimism, stability, & intuition","price":"2.5"},{"listing_id":719537682,"state":"active","user_id":5990628,"category_id":68892008,"title":"Ceramic antique clay brown with natural cloth ribbon Big Foot Sasquatch round flat ornament","description":"This spiffy round flat ceramic big Foot Sasquatch ornament is hand sculpted and antiqued in Clay brown with natural cloth ribbon giving it a stone-like quality. Ready to hang on your favorite tree! Measurements are as pictured. Weighs approx. 5 oz.","price":"6.0"},{"listing_id":626098234,"state":"active","user_id":109818721,"category_id":69150433,"title":"Fall svg, Autumn Leaves, Pumpkin Please, Autumn svg, Farmhouse Decor, Pumpkins svg, Farmhouse sign svg, Wood Sign svg, Rustic svg, SVG files","description":"Fall svg, Autumn Leaves Pumpkin Please, Autumn svg, Farmhouse Decor, Pumpkins svg, Farmhouse sign svg, Wood Sign svg, Rustic svg, SVG files\n\nHappy Fall Season! Get this Farmhouse Decoration Sign for Fall Season!\n\nNOTE that this item is A DIGITAL FILE and no physical items will be shipped. You can get this item via INSTANT DOWNLOAD.\n\n\nWHAT YOU WILL GET :\n- 1 DXF File\n- 1 EPS File  \n- 1 SVG File \n- 1 PDF File \n- 1 PNG File\n\n\nWork mostly with any of the software below:\n\n• Silhouette Studio (any version, including basic free edition)\n• Cricut Design Space\n• Brother’s ScanNCut Canvas\n• Sure Cuts A Lot (any version)\n• Make the Cut!\n• Adobe Illustrator\n• CorelDraw\n• and any other software compatible with included file formats!\n\nContact me if the files don&#39;t work, I&#39;m more than happy to help you :)\n\n\nNote that with vector files (such as PDF, EPS, SVG, DXF) you can print it in ANY Size without losing quality. Resize the file first before print.\n\n\nYou can make stickers, stickers on the wall, stickers on T-shirts, on cups, on everything you want. Use for making a large layout for printing. File formats allow you to use almost any graphics program..\n\n\nNO shipping cost! Digital item is available via download immediately. You will receive digital file, in .zip format.\n\n\nSTEP BY STEP]\n1) Purchase the item.\n2) Download your files from your order page or e-mail.\n3) Enjoy!\n\n\nDistribution of files in whole or in part, without express written consent, is strictly prohibited by law.\n\n- You MAY use this file to create, blend to your own art, cut and/or print items for personal & commercial use, gifts, and finished products you will sell.\n\n- You MAY NOT transfer, share, give, or sell the actual digital file in any digital format.\n\n\n**REFUNDS & EXCHANGES**\n\nTHERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ALLOWED ON DIGITAL ITEMS. PLEASE BE AWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE PURCHASING PRIOR TO CHECKOUT. NOTHING WILL BE MAILED, IT IS NOT A FINISHED PRODUCT. \nIT IS A DIGITAL FILE THAT IS TO BE USED WITH A CUTTING MACHINE, FOR EXAMPLE: CRICUT AND SILLHOUETTE MACHINES. NOT ALL MACHINES ARE CAPABLE OF USING SVG, EPS OR DXF FILES. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO KNOW WHAT YOUR MACHINE NEEDS.","price":"2.99"},{"listing_id":481060074,"state":"active","user_id":8248509,"category_id":68892008,"title":"Unique Fish Print Design, Japanese Tenugui cotton Fabric, Sea Bream, Spiny Lobster, Fish Gift, Modern Art Design, Wall Art Hanging Decor","description":"Japanese Tenugui cotton towel fabric. \nFish pattern / sea bream (red snapper) + spiny lobster design.\nHigh quality tenugui fabrics made of soft 100% cotton cloth and \nhand dyed by Japanese master dyers.\n\n[ H o w T o U s e ] \n* towel\n* washcloth\n* dishcloth\n* headband / bandanna \n* scarf \n* wall hanging (like a painting or textile)\n* wrapping\n* place mat\n* table runner / center piece \n* book jacket, and... MORE! Enjoy your own unique way!\n\n[ M a t e r i a l ]\nCotton 100%\n\n[ D i m e n s i o n s ]\n33cm × 90 cm / 13&quot; × 35&quot;\n\n[ C a r e ]\nHand wash + Dry in shade.\n\n[ N o t e ]\nMade in Japan\nUnfinished ends\n\n[ S h i p p i n g ] \n♛ Shipped worldwide from Japan directly.\n♛ All orders are shipped with tracking number for our happy business :)\n♛ It usually takes around 1-3 weeks depending on your location.\n\n[ I n s u r a n c e ] \n♛ Insurance needed?\nIf you choose not to use &#39;insurance&#39; option, \nI cannot be held responsible for any lost / damaged orders... (/_;)\nSo I highly recommend &#39;insurance&#39; option (｡☌ᴗ☌｡)\nIt costs US$4.00 though... \nit insures up to US$60.00! ( ˘͈ ᵕ ˘͈ )♡\nIf you want to use this option, please upgrade in your cart :)\n\n[ k e e p . s h o p p i n g ]\nhttp://www.etsy.com/shop/JapanLovelyCrafts\n\n♥ MANY THANKS FOR YOUR VISITING ♥","price":"19.0"},{"listing_id":568526442,"state":"active","user_id":8906305,"category_id":69150467,"title":"Fancy Framed Unicorn Bolo Tie with Silver Frame and Silver Tips","description":"Fancy Framed Unicorn Bolo Tie with Silver Frame and Silver Tips\n\nBolo&#39;s are a great gift for the dandies of all genders. More expressive than a cloth tie and perfect for the bar, or a dinner party. \n\n-36&quot; nylon cord","price":"21.9"}]
